Front Channel logout documentation update (#10848)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/auth/extauth/oauth/_index.md

### Front Channel Logout

Gloo also supports Front Channel Logout [RFC](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-frontchannel-1_0-final.html). Front channel logout is used when the OpenId provider is handling multiple logged in sessions and the logout endpoint should log out of all of them. The endpoint defined in `frontChannelLogout.path`
is registered with the OP and is called for each application when the user goes to the `logoutPath` endpoint. Like `logoutPath`, `frontChannelLogout.path` is a relative URL. 

> When front channel logout is used, `logoutPath` intiates the logout and `frontChannelLogout.path` handles the per-session deletion of the user session and cookie and the revoking the access token.

Reviewer: initiates typo, rewording a bit, and introducing the diagram
```suggestion
The following diagram shows how the logout and front channel logout paths work together. The `logoutPath` initiates the logout. The `frontChannelLogout.path` handles the per-session deletion of the user session and cookie, and revokes the access token.
```
